---
page_title: "cm_control_policy_group_mappings Resource - terraform-provider-cm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates, updates and destroys Control Policy Group Mappings.
---

# cm_control_policy_group_mappings (Resource)

Creates, updates and destroys Control Policy Group Mappings.

## Example Usage

#### The example below defines a mapping from a control policy group to a namespace and a stack. The first block specifies an enforcement level of `bySeverity`, which is contingent upon the severity of the policy within the group. In contrast, the second block sets the enforcement level to `softMandatory`, requiring approval in case the policy check fails.
```terraform
resource "cm_control_policy_group_mappings" "policy_group" {
  control_policy_group_id = "cmpg-123"

  targets = [
    {
      target_id         = cm_namespace.namespace.id
      target_type       = "namespace"
      enforcement_level = "bySeverity"
    },
    {
      target_id         = cm_stack.stack.id
      target_type       = "stack"
      enforcement_level = "softMandatory"
    },
  ]
}
```

### Override Enforcements
#### The example below has the configuration as above, with the distinction that the enforcement level of one policy within the policy group is explicitly overridden. Instead of adhering to the default enforcement level of `bySeverity` as per the mapping, the specified policy will now have an enforcement level of `softMandatory`.
```terraform
resource "cm_control_policy_group_mappings" "policy_group" {
  control_policy_group_id = "cmpg-123"

  targets = [
    {
      target_id         = cm_namespace.namespace.id
      target_type       = "namespace"
      enforcement_level = "bySeverity"
      override_enforcements = [
        {
          control_policy_id = "cmp-123"
          enforcement_level = "softMandatory"
        },
      ]
    },
  ]
}
```

#### The example below establishes a mapping wherein all policy checks within the policy group have an enforcement level of `softMandatory`, except for one policy, which has its enforcement level explicitly overridden to `warning`. Additionally, a specific policy's enforcement level is explicitly set to `hardMandatory` for a particular stack. This implies that, upon a failed policy check, changes cannot be pushed.
```terraform
resource "cm_control_policy_group_mappings" "policy_group" {
  control_policy_group_id = "cmpg-123"

  targets = [
    {
      target_id         = cm_namespace.namespace.id
      target_type       = "namespace"
      enforcement_level = "softMandatory"
      override_enforcements = [
        {
          control_policy_id = "cmp-123"
          enforcement_level = "warning"
        },
        {
          control_policy_id = "cmp-124"
          enforcement_level = "hardMandatory"
          stack_ids = [cm_stack.stack2.id]
        }
      ]
    },
  ]
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_policy_group_id` (String) The unique ID of the Control Policy Group.

### Optional

- `targets` (Attributes Set) List of targets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `enforcement_level` (String) Specifies the level of enforcement for the control policy group on the target. Allowed values: [warning, softMandatory, hardMandatory, bySeverity]. When set to `softMandatory`, a policy failure triggers an approval requirement before applying changes. When set to `hardMandatory`, changes cannot be applied until the policy check is successful. When set to `bySeverity`, the enforcement level will be the determined by the severity of each policy in the policy group
- `target_id` (String) The unique ID corresponds to the `target_type` in the mapping.
- `target_type` (String) The type of the target. Allowed values: [stack, namespace].

Optional:

- `override_enforcements` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--override_enforcements))

<a id="nestedatt--targets--override_enforcements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.override_enforcements`

Required:

- `control_policy_id` (String) The unique ID of the Control Policy.
- `enforcement_level` (String) Specifies the level of enforcement for the control policy group on the target. Allowed values: [warning, softMandatory, hardMandatory]. When set to `softMandatory`, a policy failure triggers an approval requirement before applying changes. When set to `hardMandatory`, changes cannot be applied until the policy check is successful.

Optional:

- `stack_ids` (List of String) A list of stack IDs within the specified namespace where the original enforcement level of the policy will be overridden with the new enforcement level. This option can only be used when the `target_type` is set to 'namespace'.

## Import

`cm_control_policy_group_mappings` can be imported using the ID of the Control Policy Group, e.g.

```shell
terraform import cm_control_policy_group_mappings.mappings cmpg-123
```