---
page_title: "cm_namespace Resource - terraform-provider-cm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates, updates and destroys namespaces. For more information: ControlMonkey Documentation https://docs.controlmonkey.io/administration/namespaces
---

# cm_namespace (Resource)

Creates, updates and destroys namespaces. For more information: [ControlMonkey Documentation](https://docs.controlmonkey.io/administration/namespaces)

## Learn More

- [Terraform CI/CD Showdown: DIY or Buy?](https://controlmonkey.io/blog/terraform-diy-vs-buy/)
- [Running Terraform with Jenkins: Pros and Cons](https://controlmonkey.io/blog/running-terraform-with-jenkins/)
- [Build a Terraform CI/CD Pipeline on AWS](https://controlmonkey.io/blog/terraform-ci-cd-pipeline-aws/)

## Example Usage

### Simple namespace
```terraform
resource "cm_namespace" "dev_namespace" {
  name        = "Dev"
  description = "AWS dev env"

  external_credentials = [
    {
      type                    = "awsAssumeRole"
      external_credentials_id = "ext-123"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Namespace that utilizes multiple AWS profiles. A specific AWS profile will be used only when the profile name is specified in the AWS provider block. Otherwise, the default profile will be used.
```terraform
resource "cm_namespace" "dev_cross_account_namespace" {
  name        = "Dev"
  description = "AWS dev env that consists of dev-main, dev-infra & dev-monitoring AWS accounts"

  external_credentials = [
    {
      external_credentials_id = "ext-123"
      type                    = "awsAssumeRole"
    },
    {
      external_credentials_id = "ext-456"
      type                    = "awsAssumeRole"
      aws_profile_name        = "dev-infra"
    },
    {
      external_credentials_id = "ext-789"
      type                    = "awsAssumeRole"
      aws_profile_name        = "dev-monitoring"
    }
  ]
}
```

### A production namespace configured with a deployment approval policy that restricts deployment permissions to specific teams.
```terraform
data "cm_team" "team_devops" {
  name = "DevOps Team"
}

data "cm_team" "team_prod" {
  name = "Prod Team"
}

resource "cm_namespace" "prod_namespace" {
  name = "Prod"

  external_credentials = [
    {
      type                    = "awsAssumeRole"
      external_credentials_id = "ext-123"
    }
  ]

  deployment_approval_policy = {
    override_behavior = "deny"
    rules = [
      {
        type = "requireTeamsApproval"
        parameters = jsonencode({
          teams = [cm_team.team_devops.id, cm_team.team_prod.id]
        })
      },
    ]
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the namespace.

### Optional

- `capabilities` (Attributes) List of capabilities enabled for the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capabilities))
- `deployment_approval_policy` (Attributes) Set up requirements to approve a deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_approval_policy))
- `description` (String) The description of the namespace.
- `external_credentials` (Attributes List) List of cloud credentials attached to the namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_credentials))
- `iac_config` (Attributes) IaC configuration of the namespace. If not overridden, this becomes the default for its stacks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iac_config))
- `runner_config` (Attributes) Configure the runner settings to specify whether ControlMonkey manages the runner or it is self-hosted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the namespace.

<a id="nestedatt--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capabilities`

Optional:

- `deploy_on_push` (Attributes) When enabled, a deployment will be automatically triggered when changes are pushed to the repository that are relevant to the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capabilities--deploy_on_push))
- `drift_detection` (Attributes) When enabled, ControlMonkey will frequently check for drifts in your stack configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capabilities--drift_detection))
- `plan_on_pr` (Attributes) When enabled, a plan will be automatically triggered when a Pull Request is created or updated with changes relevant to the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capabilities--plan_on_pr))

<a id="nestedatt--capabilities--deploy_on_push"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capabilities.deploy_on_push`

Required:

- `is_overridable` (Boolean) Determine if stacks within the namespace can override this capability.
- `status` (String) Whether the capability is enabled or disabled. Allowed values: [enabled, disabled].


<a id="nestedatt--capabilities--drift_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capabilities.drift_detection`

Required:

- `is_overridable` (Boolean) Determine if stacks within the namespace can override this capability.
- `status` (String) Whether the capability is enabled or disabled. Allowed values: [enabled, disabled].


<a id="nestedatt--capabilities--plan_on_pr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capabilities.plan_on_pr`

Required:

- `is_overridable` (Boolean) Determine if stacks within the namespace can override this capability.
- `status` (String) Whether the capability is enabled or disabled. Allowed values: [enabled, disabled].



<a id="nestedatt--deployment_approval_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_approval_policy`

Required:

- `override_behavior` (String) Decide whether stacks can override this configuration. Allowed values: [allow, deny, extended].
- `rules` (Attributes List) Set up rules for approving deployment processes. At least one rule should be configured (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_approval_policy--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--deployment_approval_policy--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_approval_policy.rules`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the rule. Find supported types [here](https://docs.controlmonkey.io/controlmonkey-api/api-enumerations#deployment-approval-policy-rule-types)

Optional:

- `parameters` (String) JSON format of the rule parameters according to the `type`. Find supported parameters [here](https://docs.controlmonkey.io/controlmonkey-api/approval-policy-rules)



<a id="nestedatt--external_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_credentials`

Required:

- `external_credentials_id` (String) The ControlMonkey unique ID of the credentials.
- `type` (String) The type of the credentials. Allowed values: [awsAssumeRole, gcpServiceAccount, azureServicePrincipal].

Optional:

- `aws_profile_name` (String) Profile name for AWS credentials.


<a id="nestedatt--iac_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iac_config`

Optional:

- `opentofu_version` (String) the OpenTofu version that will be used for OpenTofu operations.
- `terraform_version` (String) the Terraform version that will be used for terraform operations.
- `terragrunt_version` (String) the Terragrunt version that will be used for terragrunt operations.


<a id="nestedatt--runner_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_config`

Required:

- `is_overridable` (Boolean) Determine if stacks within the namespace can override the runner_config.
- `mode` (String) The runner mode. Allowed values: [managed, selfHosted].

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) In case that `mode` is `selfHosted`, groups must contain at least one runners group. If `mode` is `managed`, this field must not be configured.

## Import

`cm_namespace` can be imported using the ID of the Namespace, e.g.

```shell
terraform import cm_namespace.namespace ns-123
```